---
layout: post
title:  "The Fountainhead"
date:   2019-05-10 11:11:11 +0530
categories: [books]
---
<h3 style="color:	#ff7400;">Favorite Quotes</h3>
-To sell your soul is the easiest thing in the world. That's what everybody does every hour of his life. If I asked you to keep your soul , would you understand why that's much harder<br>
-Don't worry. They're all against me. But I have one advantage: they don't know what they want. I do.<br>
-I regret nothing. There have been things I missed, but I ask no questions, because I have loved it, such as it has been, even the moments of emptiness, even the unanswered-and that I loved it, that is the unanswered in my life<br>
-Until you stop hating all this , stop being afraid of it ,learn not to notice it . Roark to Dominique page 466 (I cried there)<br>
-I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.<br>
-Freedom , To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.<br>
-To say "I love you" one must know first how to say the "I"<br>
-I love you so much that nothing can matter to me - not even you...Only my love- not your answer. Not even your indifference (page 502 I cried there too hahahaha)<br>
-My dear fellow, who will let you? That’s not the point. The point is, who will stop me<br>
-Never ask people about your work.<br>
-Worry is a waste of emotional reserve.<br>

<h3 style="color:	#ff7400;">The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand</h3>
&nbsp; My second book of Ayn Rand . Because of my first career at Rakuten , my Indian mentors suggest me this to read . Everytime I read Ayn Rands book I feel like helpless in this world . When I read her books I always feel so hurt  because of overwhelming feelings of sadness , emptiness and anxiety .<br>
&nbsp; This book is about few characters with different personalities . Roark is an individualistic architect who always oppose society because they are all same . He really loves his job and his creativeness , he does not care about others and other things . He only wants to build with only his style . There is also , Keating who is exact opposite of Roark . He succeeds by following society styles but still empty inside and hates his job . And Toohey, everyone thinks he does not care and people respect him for that . But Toohey wants to be like King inside , and doing things to destroy Roark . Because Roark is not like others , Toohey does not like thinking man .There is also Roark's lover, Dominique Francon. She believes that non-conformity has no chance of winning, so she alternates between helping Roark and working to undermine him. I cant understand her . But I kind of liked her . So it does not matter . Also there is Wynand , kind of similar with Dominique and Roark . <br>
&nbsp; Anyway it was really great book to read . In life , I want to be like Roark . Do what I want and what I love . After too many difficulties and loses, he still manages to stand . He does not care who opposes him . He only wants to build ...
